feat: add cloud doc layout (#78)
tensorchord/pgvecto.rs-docs: src/cloud/monitoring/monitoring.md

# Monitoring

The PGVecto.rs Cloud provides several graphs for monitoring system and database metrics. You can access the **Monitoring** dashboard from the cluster details in the PGVecto.rs Cloud Console. Observable metrics include:
- [RAM](#ram)
- [CPU](#cpu)
- [Index](#vector)

## RAM

This graph shows the average memory usage percentage of the Postgres instance in past 5 minutes. 

![](../images/memory_usage.png)

## CPU

This graph shows the average CPU usage percentage of the Postgres instance in past 5 minutes.

![](../images/cpu_usage.png)

## Vector

This graph shows the details of the vector index, including following metrics:
- Index Name: The name of the index.
- Index Dimension: The dimension of the vectors in the index.
- Index Vector Count: The number of vectors in the index.
- Index Options: Details of the index options can be found in the [Index Options](../../reference/indexing_options.md)

> - Indexing: If `True`, meanings the index is in the process of indexing the data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Indexing: If `True`, it means the index is in the process of indexing the data. 
```
